>> Steve Kinney: One thing I want to show
you, and this is best seen on MacOS,
is that if we go to Show package contents,
and we go to Contents,
I believe it's resources.
And we see this app.
>> Steve Kinney: Hey, look at that!
>> Steve Kinney: It's my application,
right?
It's all of my source code.
If you want to truly
obfuscate your source code,
Electron's not really a great choice for
you.
It is built for open source apps
like Atom and Visual Studio Code.
That's not a thing in there.
However, you could theoretically write
native modules that are compiled, right?
You can use them.
So if there is company secret
code that you need to use,
you just need to compile it.
You probably need to compile it in
a way that you can include it as
a native dependency in there.
And then that would be obfuscated,
but like the UI code.
In the same way if you send
JavaScript to the browser.
Same basic idea.
However, sending this file directory isn't
great either ,cuz there is like some file
opening costs in there as well.
So there is format called ASAR, A-S-A-R,
which is basically, it's like a tar like
archive format that supports basically,
it's effectively a giant text file.
But it makes random access reads and
writes really a lot faster.
And to do that,
>> Steve Kinney: You
simply add the asar flag there.
>> Steve Kinney: Go ahead and
run build now.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
>> Steve Kinney: Now we can do
this Show package contents again.
Contents, resources.
Now it says app.asar file.
You're like, totally, totally great.
Not really.
It's not gonna protect
your code from anything.
You can kinda see in here that
the asar command line tool, you can start
to see stuff that looks familiar in here.
The asar command line tool is open source.
You can basically un-asar
anything you want.
Which means if one wanted to have fun,
they could take any
Electron app on their computer,
go ahead, let's say, Slack.
And go Show Package Contents
> Contents > Resources,
grab that app.asar, use the command
line tool to unarchive it and
go read all the client side source code.
I say that cuz I think Atom and
Visual Studio Code are open source.
But you could totally [LAUGH] take a look
at anything you want in there, as well.
But yeah, that is the kind of quick and
easy way.
Again, if you're using Electron Forge,
it's built in.
This is all kind of set up for
you already, but
it's using the same tools
as we just showed, right?
So there's no different black magic.
It's using Electron
package under the hood.
Electron Forge is basically
a way of taking some of these
other libraries I showed you,
and pulling them all together.